
After arriving at FOB Sabre, our LCs were taken away for repair and outfitting new toys. It was interesting to see the engineers so excited to see LCs. My time around L1 has made me forget that lancers are not common in the galaxy. I was able to pick up an XC-BR Battle Rifle. I am not sure if I will like it, due to it being able to overheat Angel, but I think the extended range on lock-on targets will be helpful when I need to keep my distance from a threat. After our mechs were taken, a dropship came in. Ms. Nguyen was onboard, and had two others with her. One was a drone that Ms. Nguyen said was linked to her, and she would be lending us some direct support in the field. It was able to provide lock-ons, among other functions. Good for us to have. I'll always take an easy target.

The other was a new Wolf lancer. Gil Gallant, callsign Achilles. Her augments are…strange. Very shoddily done. And she immediately went to get drunk after we were told we would have a few hours of downtime. But that aside, she has shown her prowess in combat. She will serve as a very effective frontline to help Jackal. Though this new firepower came at a cost. Gecko has left the Wolves, for reasons undisclosed to us. I have heard talk that some people just are not equipped to handle the life of being a mercenary. Which I suppose is fair, but is something I never considered. It is what I was raised to be. Starchild has also been put into reserve duty for now. Hopefully she will be back somewhat soon.

After a bit of downtime, there was some explosion near the base. A VSAF soldier shot at one of our dropships and missed, but got away before they were found. But the dropship was carrying Squad Kalak. It was nice to see Koa again, so I could thank her properly for her assistance yesterday. I also got a chance to talk to her about Ms. Nguyen. She told me that she doesn't know much about Ms. Nguyen that I wouldn't already know, but when I told her my inquiry was less about learning of her and more how to approach her, she caught on to what I was asking for. I think I am feeling a bit more confident now. And she said she might have a suit that I could borrow if I do end up getting a date with Ms. Nguyen. I am trying not to think too hard on what a date would entail, but I am going to have to figure that out eventually. Probably on the way back to Gatarobi. But Koa did say Ms. Nguyen spends a fair amount of time at the shooting range, so maybe that is something we can bond over? We will see. And I will need to pay Koa back somehow for helping me out with this.


---

About 9 hours after arriving on base, our LCs were good to go, and we received new orders. LSA comms were being interfered with by a VSAF installation. Ms. Nguyen prepared some data spikes that could hijack the array, but required close proximity. Cue Squad Lycaon. Kalak also came along, setting up a perimeter around the target site. Inside the site, there was a squad waiting for us. A couple Mirages, a Witch, an Ace, and a Demolisher. It was a long fought battle. Would have been much easier if we didn't need to have people stuck near the satellite towers. If we just needed me to be at one, that would work fine with my rifle. Had a lot of trouble with hacking from the Witch, but we were able to take it out quickly.

Something I was not prepared for, was that the Demolisher had a pilot we knew. That fucking shitbag Broderick from yesterday. Somehow he went from piloting an MC for peaceful support to being a frontline heavy-hitter. Learning of our newly-found prisoner from yesterday, Ms. Nguyen gave us a new order. Broderick is not to leave this place alive. I have failed her before by not killing him. I will not make the same mistake twice. Specifically, Ms. Nguyen told us to teach him what happens when you fuck with the Crimson Wolves. Say no more, ma'am. But truthfully, it was rough. Jackal took some pretty heavy hits, but with some help from Achilles, we were able to turn the fight back into our favor. Jackal and Achilles did most of the damage to Broderick, while Odette and I cleaned up the others. After Broderick fell, and Squad Kalak had taken out a group of reinforcements on their way in, the last Mirage was able to escape. But that doesn't matter since we finished what we came here to do. Both things.

After the Demolisher was disabled, Broderick was severely concussed and had some bleeding from the head. But he was still clinging to life. For the moment. I boosted over as quickly as I could, hopping out of the Muzzled Angel to make damn sure I see him die with my own eyes. And by my own hand. There is a lot to hate about my time at Makia Academy. But one thing is certain, the daggers they give their lancers are quite sharp. I made sure that there would be no chance that fucker lived.

But alas, after getting the airwaves cleared, we are being rerouted to another combat zone. On our way there now, as we now have a track on the Union ambassador and the Del Rio's captain who went missing together.