The Cressidium civil war is over. With the help of the Crimson Wolves, the Sovereignty was put on the back leg, allowing the LSA to control the capital. The Union ambassador is safe, and we have retrieved the captain of the Rio Grande. Word is already going around about the efforts of Squad Lycaon. We are being heralded as heroes. If that results in more rations for me, I’ll gladly accept the title.

After the transmission tower, we were picked up by dropships to be taken to our next objective. It was already a tough fight against Broderick, but we don’t get a chance to rest. We were moved right on the next thing. Such is our lives as mercenaries, I suppose. The target looked at first sight to be a small warehouse in the shipping district outside the capital. But our orbital scans revealed that there is also an underground facility beneath the warehouse, with a port for airships sealed by blast doors. We were informed the Union ambassador and our ship captain were taken inside. Our instructions being to get inside, open up the blast doors, and secure the VIPs. The orbital scans were incomplete. We could only get a basic shape underground, without significant detail of the inside. We would also lose comms deeper in. So we started to plan our approach.

We had decided to split into two groups. Achilles and Odette would use their LCs on the surface to create a diversion. Retrovertigo and Muzzled Angel, having COMP/CONs, were left with them. I had Angel covering the squad off-site with her rifle, while Retro was assigned to fire Hunter-Killers into a hole that Achilles would make in the blast door with her thermite. Meanwhile, Jackal and I went into the warehouse, to stealthily make our way to the security station and open the doors to let the mechs in. Achilles gave each of us a grenade to use as we see fit.

---

Jackal and I took position at the front door of the warehouse while Achilles and Odette started to make noise. I was able to see Muzzled Angel get a shot off on one of the MCs that was patrolling the area. Shortly after, a wave of more MCs and some foot soldiers came out of the warehouse. As they ran past, I managed to trip one and take him out quietly. Jackal came over and…I’m not quite sure what happened, but after a few seconds, Jackal took on the appearance of the person I killed. Looked almost indistinguishable. He stole the soldier’s uniform and datapad, and we headed inside. He gave me his camo cloth to keep myself hidden, so I put that on.

At the security gate to the underground facility, Jackal started talking to the guard, impersonating the subject of his disguise. During the back-and-forth, it gave me an opening to sneak around and slit the guard’s throat. Again, Jackal stole the guard’s datapad. There was a call on the man’s earpiece that they are bolstering their defense of the elevator. This gave us an idea. Jackal opened the elevator, put a grenade inside, then we sent it down to the bottom. As the elevator moved, he put on a pained voice and informed the enemies that people got past him and are headed down. After the grenade blew, though, a call was put out that the person Jackal was impersonating was compromised, and that they are going radio silent. If we took too long, they might be able to properly set up a defense, making our job much harder. I dove into the elevator shaft to reach the bottom as quickly as possible, using my jump pack to land safely. Jackal, who doesn’t have a mobility hardsuit, opted to slide down the elevator cables. I opened the hatch on top of the elevator, and there were a couple survivors, but were all incapacitated. When Jackal reached me, he dropped into the elevator and started picking off the survivors with his rifle. Our assault can no longer be hidden, but I have not been seen. So I run ahead of Jackal further into the facility, eventually finding the security center. At some point during all of this, the MCs on the surface told their people to hire the merc, and not worry about how much they want for the job.

There were a good six to eight soldiers inside. No way to do this quietly. When Jackal joined me, I cracked the door open and rolled a grenade inside. I braced myself against the wall with my submachine gun, and waited for the explosion. Things did not go as planned though… A soldier was able to get far enough from the grenade and dive out of the door, reflexively shooting at the first person he saw, Jackal, who was still disguised as one of them. When it happened, I…I don’t know what happened. Fear shot through my entire body. I panicked. I dropped my gun, and the next thing I remember, I was on the floor with Jackal trying to talk to me. The person who shot him was now dead with a bullet through the back of his head. I was breathing quickly and shaking. He told me not to worry, that he wasn’t badly hurt. That he deserved it, given what he had done today. He said that he could not have made it this far without my help, and he needs me to keep going. Our objective is right in front of us. And our handler needs it done. I was able to get myself off the floor and push on.

We got into the security station, and Jackal started whipping out cables from somewhere and connecting to the terminal. I could not really understand a lot that was showing on the screen, but I could make out that he got to a set of controls. Lights, doors, drones, turrets, and the hangar bay doors. First, he reestablished our long-range communications. It was wonderful to hear Ms. Nguyen’s voice again. Jackal found some files that seemed interesting, and was ordered to send them over to Ms. Nguyen. She said that the files were encrypted, but it can be worried about later. She tells Jackal to try to get a higher level of clearance in the system, but after trying to do so, electricity sparked on his wires, and he seemed to be getting hurt. I was concerned, but I couldn't really do anything without risking getting shocked myself as well. He tried again, getting shocked another time. I could see him starting to not really hold it together anymore. But he changed his target. Rather than trying to get higher access, he went to at least get the hangar doors open. After a few seconds, I heard the latches open, but there was also some backlash from the system, locking Jackal out of the terminal.

But we could at least continue with our mission. The doors were open, so we ran to the hangar, calling our mechs to come meet us. Retrovertigo leaped into the pit, landing in front of Jackal with its cockpit open. Muzzled Angel flew in from her lookout point, and I boosted myself up to hop into the seat. We were then joined by Heel Turn and White Swan, who had taken care of all the enemies on the surface. As light filled the hangar, we could see among the shipping containers, the ambassador and captain were being held by a submarine vehicle. Probably a dozen or so infantry and two MCs. I could see that one was equipped with a flamethrower, and another with arc whips. But before we could even react, Achilles ran in, and grabbed each of them one after the other, throwing them into the water. The infantry abandoned their position, dropping their weapons, and running away. Ms. Nguyen congratulated us on rescuing the VIPs and let us know that our exfil was on the way. I had readied my missiles to pick off the soldiers who were running, but Ms. Nguyen quickly changed her tone, yelling for all of us to get down.

There was a blinding flash from above us, followed by a red beam traveling across the room, creating explosions as it went. Destroying shipping containers, breaking the concrete, blowing up some small aerial vehicles in the hangar. None of us were able to avoid it. After we gathered ourselves, a mech descended into the pit. An SSC MetalMark. It held a large gun in two arms, smoking. The one that just hit us. In its other 2 arms, it had a rifle and a sword. The pilot inside came on the radio. “Anathema on site. Scratch what I said before. This one is free.” She knew we were inside the enemy communications, calling us out as Crimson Wolves. Though she didn’t seem to know exactly who we were. Her mech, Burning Miseries, booted up again, and prepared for combat.

Achilles used Heel Turn to throw the mech into the water like the others, and dropped a smoke screen for the rest of us. But the enemy mech did not care, hovering above the water and shooting back at Heel Turn. The signal from Achilles went dark for a bit, so there was definitely some structural damage. Ms. Nguyen radioed us, informing us that while it isn’t a surprise by now, the enemy is a lancer, like us. I fired a shot that I could swear was dead-on. But the mech moved out of the way just before impact, only getting glanced. She peered at me, saying “You’ve never shot at a lancer before, have you child?” She said “I’ve kept close tabs on Kalak. You aren’t in black like Ligoni. I can see you, so you’re not Arctos. Who are you, little Wolves?” I thought I would get hit, but she turned her attention to Achilles and Odette, launching missiles at them before vanishing into a blue light. She appeared at the other side of the arena. Odette charged with White Swan, and gets a hit in, but Anathema somehow phased through White Swan and shot its leg joints from behind. Another signal disruption on Odette’s end this time.

After getting hit by Jackal, Anathema started charging her big gun again. I was able to get Retrovertigo to the ground, and dash into the smokescreen to take cover. The enemy let out another large beam around the hangar. More explosions, more debris. We kept up our offensive, until Anathema jumped back, firing a beam out of her smaller rifle. Both Odette and I were hit, and the assault rifle on one of my mounts just fucking disappeared. The weapon must be getting incredibly hot to be able to disintegrate metal that quickly. I’ve only seen similar behavior once before, watching L1. But this was different.

Retrovertigo was able to blast off the lance that Burning Miseries was two-handing. But then something bizarre happened. Some metallic…things came out of the mech’s chassis and attached to the lance, pulling it back up off the ground. This thing was regenerating. She grabbed at Achilles, shooting out more of those metal tendrils to use as claws, digging into Heel Turn’s frame, crushing its chain axe, and shoving the lance through Heel Turn’s midsection. Achilles just kept bashing into the cockpit of the enemy LC until a black liquid started pouring out. The light’s on the mech’s plating went from a linear red to pulsing brighter and brighter, eventually turning a bright purple. Retro warned us all that the Burning Miseries’ core was overheating, and we need to evacuate. Anathema came on the radio again, choking out “Mark my words, little Wolves. This isn’t over.” I was the only one to react quickly enough to fly up out of the pit before the core detonated. The others were all damaged, but safe. There was more of those metallic tendrils everywhere in the hangar. But all of the metal and circuitry of the mech itself was vaporized in the blast.

Ms. Nguyen told us that the dropships were approaching now that the threat was handled. As we were loading up, news must have hit that the Sovereignty’s linchpin merc was dead. They started surrendering, allowing the LSA to retake the capital city. Squad Kalak was sent to deal with any remaining VSAF cells still fighting. But Squad Lycaon’s work was done. We were told to withdraw to the Rio Grande. We are heading home soon.

---

A little less than a week until we’re back on Gatarobi. I will use this time to keep myself active. Training, eating, and definitely sleeping after this whole fiasco. It’s only been two days on the surface, but it feels like it’s been months since I’ve been on this ship. Our licenses have been raised, so we can get access to new frames now. I have had the SSC Monarch in mind. I’m sure Koa would be happy to see another Monarch in the hangar. I should go talk to her before we get back to base. Also Domenic. He seems quiet ever since the facility. I want to check on him. And also…ask him to not mention my panic attack to anyone…

The staff brought up the Rainmaker head to my room on the ship, like I asked. I now realize that it is quite large, and it takes up a lot of space. It’s fine. I don’t need my room for much more than sleeping anyway. When we get back to base, I’ll find a good spot for it. I also have to unpack all my stuff too. Our personals weren’t brought in before we got sent to Cressidium. All of my plushes are still in storage, as well as my hardsuit from the Striders.

After we got back on the ship, I realized that I didn’t have my gun with me. I must have forgotten to pick it back up after I calmed down. That is…unfortunate. I’ll have to tell Ms. Nguyen when we get back. Hopefully she won’t be too upset about that. Speaking of her, I have decided that I’m going to confess my feelings for her when we get to base and ask her out on a date. So that’s something else I’ll be preparing on the trip. Fuck, what do I say? I know Koa said to be confident in it, and I usually am confident with people, but why do I get nervous around Ms. Nguyen? Whatever I end up saying, I hope it goes over well.