
This has been an eventful few days, I would say. As thanks for rescuing the ambassador, we were given a basket of soaps, fresh fruit, and candles. I noticed on the trip back to Gatarobi that the people were a lot more responsive to us in Squad Lycaon. Unlike before where we were mostly ignored, now people are talking to us. There are still some that will move out of our way, but they do so with a smile or some other form of acknowledgement. They all witnessed our work on Cressidium, they heard that we are the ones responsible for rescuing the Union ambassador, and the captain of the Rio Grande. This feels similar to how I am familiar with. People not being friendly, per se. But respectful. Recognizing the position of the people walking past them.

When we got back to Gatarobi, there was a crowd gathered in the hangar. We went out after getting our clearance to disembark, and the crowd began to cheer when they saw Lycaon and Kalak. Admittedly, it was a strange feeling. I had been doing work like this for years, but I had never been praised for my performance. It was simply a job. One I was expected to do. I would get back from a job, and go right back to training without a word. This is not to say that I dislike the treatment, though. It was nice that people were actually recognizing our efforts.

We are led through the base by Ms. Nguyen, going through the atrium where more people welcome us back. Until we get to our suite. When we get inside, there are packs of fresh bread, tomatoes, and cheese on the kitchen counter. Ms. Nguyen told us to make ourselves at home and get some rest, as she started to cook. She made grilled cheese and tomato soup for us. It was delicious. Much better than the nutrition bars we have been eating for the past couple weeks we’ve been away. As the food was ready, Ms. Nguyen sat with us at the table. She began talking about things going forward. That we would have some time for training. But apart from that, and sticking to our diet and workouts, we are free to use our time as we see fit. Though we were warned to try not to kill anyone if we end up in the bar.

I decided since she is here and talking to us, that I would go about asking Ms. Nguyen on a date. I began by telling her that I was grateful for her support during our mission. And then went on to say that I think she is nice and pretty. Then I actually asked if she wanted to go on a date. I was so nervous when she put her spoon down and just looked at me for a few moments, blinking. But she did accept my offer. We decided to go to the shooting range tomorrow. I am excited, but also a bit scared. I will need to get in touch with Ms. Palmer to see if she can make good on the suit she offered. Definitely not going on a first date with just my hoodie and shorts.

I took some time to get my room set up, given how we didn’t have a chance to before being shipped off to Cressidium. Domenic had gone off with Gil for something. I wanted to talk to him about our…hardships in the Sovereignty facility. So I had to wait for him to come back. When he did, I tried beckoning him over, but got ignored. I took Chili off of my bed and threw him at Dom to get his attention. He did not seem very pleased by that. But he did finally acknowledge me. I tried to open up that I wanted to talk about what happened, and he seemed pretty upset at my mention. I wanted to respect his feelings, but I needed to get this out. I asked for his secrecy regarding my panic attack, and he agreed in return for my secrecy about his. I did have to remind him that I wasn’t the only who heard it, though. When he cleared the radio interference, Ms. Nguyen also heard the last bit of his panic. I would keep the secret, but if someone else mentioned it, I was not the one who told them. I assured Dom that I would be there and supportive of him. As both a teammate and hopefully a friend. I would do the same for anyone else of Lycaon. And I hope that they would do the same for me.

---

Later in the night, Gil brought some large kegs into the common area of our suite. She seemed pretty averse to us requesting specific music to be played. And despite having the capability of making the lights in the suite any color or intensity that we want, Gil kept them at just their normal color. If this is supposed to be a party, it is going to be the most bland party ever. And I should know. At least at Makia, we were at least allowed to request a certain lighting in the barracks for a little while. 

The first person to come over for this party was Ms. Palmer, looking as cool as she usually does. She had her two squamates, Citra and Bulan, with her. Although which one was which, I would not have been able to tell you. I requested some cups, so that we wouldn't be limited to drinking from these kegs; one of the twins, who I later learned was Citra, helped me find the cups that are included with our suite. Gil and Koa immediately go into party mode, with Gil doing a handstand on the keg and drinking while Koa held Gil's legs up. Shortly after, we got visited by Squad Ligoni. They all seemed very well-dressed. Leading them was Tsar, who just so happens to be Apex-07. The Wolves must have some serious backing if they are able to pay contracts for two different members of Apex-10. He seems nice enough at least. Each member of Ligoni brought some drinks for the party, including a bottle from Duke that Ligoni called "coolant". 

Seeing all of the drinks that have piled up on the counter, I decided to try something. I picked up a bottle of vodka, and poured some in a glass, drinking it. It burned...so so bad. The drink itself wasn't too bad. But the burn of the alcohol in it tasted like fire. It made my head a little light after a few seconds. I had the brilliant thought that I should take another drink. Maybe the second time won't be as bad? I was partially right. Felt right enough for a little more. But after the combined burn in my throat of three drinks, I figured it was time to take a break. If only I knew what was coming... 

Ms. Palmer was arm-wrestling one of Ligoni (I think it was Duke, but I am not super familiar with them) for quite a while before she eventually won. She called me over. Maybe to watch? Maybe to talk? But for some reason I figured this would be a good time to challenge her again. I was barely in control as I put my elbow down on the table, challenging Ms. Palmer to an arm wrestle. Before I even knew it, I had lost. I didn't even hear Duke say "go" before my arm was flat on the table. Koa gave me a cup, and told me to keep drinking, and that she would give me more later. It didn't taste the same as the vodka from before, but it kept my mind busy while I sat to the side for a while. 

At one point, I started dancing in the room with some others. The world was spinning, but it felt good to be dancing and singing with others. But even though I was surrounded by people, I couldn't help but feel slightly lonely. I guess I was hoping that Ms. Nguyen would have showed up. I sent her a message, asking if she would come at least show her face. I then ended up getting distracted and kept dancing. I was with Duke and Koa singing something, but then I got really tired out of nowhere. I was told later on that I passed out.

I woke up in Ms. Nguyen's office. Apparently, after I had messaged her, I forgot to respond after she said she would not be available to visit, so she asked if I was okay. After I passed out, Koa used my datapad to text her, and was instructed to bring me to Ms. Nguyen's office. I was on the couch, with a blanket over me. That's...embarassing...

She left some vitamins and a drink on the table for me to try to treat the lingering effects of the alcohol. We spoke for a little bit until I was able to sit myself up. Ms. Nguyen came over with a cloth. She put her finger to my chin and said a single word: "Up." Without even thinking, I tilted my head up. Oh boy... Never going to live that down, am I? I do not even know why I followed her order so unconsciously. Am I that eager to follow her? To serve her? I will definitely have to think about that some more. She used the cloth to wipe off some marker that someone drew on my face after I passed out. Ms. Nguyen told me to rest more if I needed to while she works, but I figured I should stop inconveniencing her. I went to leave, and we confirmed together that she still wants to go on our date. That was a relief, as I didn't know if she would still want to after that cloth.


**********

Today was…something. I’m not really sure what to think of it. I was woken up this morning by a message from Koa, saying she was at my door. When I opened up, she immediately said that she thinks she promised me a suit. Well, that saves me the trouble of having to track her down. But how did she know I needed it? Either way, we started to head to the atrium. We spoke about how Lycaon’s mission went, and how my asking out of Ms. Nguyen went. She agreed that the shooting range would be a good idea, since she knows Ms. Nguyen was a competitive shooter. We got to where Koa was leading us, a person who has made suits for her, and she says does good work. I was fitted, and we discussed designs for a bit, before the suit was made in the nearby fab for me. I also requested a suit for Samantha. Koa was apprehensive at first, but then told the designer to do it.

After that was done, Koa came to straighten up the suit, making sure it looked nice, before she said she had some advice to give me as far as dating goes. Quite welcome, as I have no idea what I’m doing. Most of it was things I had read about before. Try to make the time about them, pursue their interests and ask questions about it, try to find out more about the person. She mentioned that it is a bit different, given that I am going on a date with my boss. She gave me another piece of advice, saying that especially since I am going on a date with my boss, to not make the first move as far as a kiss goes. Went on to say that the right advice is actually to not date your boss. Though, as she said, “But glass houses, you know?”

I made my way back to my room, and started getting ready close to 3PM. As if by clockwork, Ms. Nguyen knocked on my door exactly at 3. I took a moment to look myself in the mirror before answering. She looked at me for a bit, before commenting that my suit looked very nice, and that Samantha looked good too. My heart started beating really quickly when she said that. I should keep an eye on that if it happens in the future. We started to make our way to the shooting range. Ms. Nguyen said that she had arranged for two of her sporting pistols to be brought to the range, since she noticed that my gun was not listed on the intake manifest. Honestly, I was hoping no one would notice I lost my gun…

The range was relatively empty today. I took a look at the scoreboard, where Koa was far and away the top score. There were also several members of Ligoni. Ms. Nguyen unveiled the pistols she had brought out. Very nicely made, custom-fitted, streamlined competition pistols fitted for her specifically. So she was definitely not just a hobbyist. As she is doing her pre-checks on the guns, she asked how much experience I’ve had at ranges. Well, I mean, I’ve been handling firearms since I was a child. I’m certainly familiar with their use, though I am not the greatest. I am much more versed in mechanized combat over EVA. She asked something about Makia…I don’t remember the question she asked. I kind of zoned out when it was mentioned. She noticed that her question made me uncomfortable, and apologized for it, before trying to change the subject. I asked what got her into shooting, to which she explained that she was part of NDAP, under Union. She was in an officer academy, and when she left, wanted to keep herself occupied with something she was familiar with.

She offered me the first round on the targets. As I did my own checks on the gun she lent me, we spoke briefly about why I chose not to just get myself out of this life when I had the chance. It’s quite simple really. Being a pilot is what I was raised for. How can I regret or walk away from the only life I’ve ever known?

Anyway, I hadn’t had much experience with Lancer-difficulty target shooting. The targets were a bit hard to track, moving very erratically. But after taking a moment to watch them, I started my round. I was hitting my shots but not hitting the center. The gun felt really nice in my hand though. Very comfortable, even if not made for me. And the recoil was almost nonexistent. After I finished my set, Ms. Nguyen said I did a wonderful job, and she is impressed by how fast I was. I actually thought I was rather slow, but if she says I’m fast, I will take it. She uploaded my score to the leaderboard and I was ranked 25th. Maybe higher than I was expecting for first time. But not as high as I want to be. I’ll need to practice more. To be fair, I have not been to a range since before my augments.

As Ms. Nguyen got ready for her set, she asked if I had ever watched a movie before, noting that she hopes it doesn’t sound insensitive. I have seen instructional movies before, but entertainment-based movies were not something we really had. She took her pistol, and she started her set. I noticed that the soft look she had on her face had disappeared, and she was completely stone-faced. She began shooting at the targets, starting as fast as I was, but getting faster. She very quickly passed my score, and still had a lot of shots left.

But something happened. Ms. Nguyen let out a yell. I heard her last round ricochet after she yelled, and she dropped her gun. I was counting the shots, and she still had a few left. But she was sitting on the ground clutching her arm. As I got closer, I could see that the muscles in her arm were extremely tense, and her arm was locked up and shaking. I could also see sweat beading on her forehead, and there was a bit of blood showing in her eye. She told me to reach into her breast pocket, where I found an injector of some sort. She pulled her hair to the side and bent her head down, telling me to inject it. But I was not ready to see that she has a Kerub port on the back of her neck. I did as I was told and injected the thing into her neck. I could tell from the way she moved in response that it was very painful. She took a few moments to collect her breath, and she stood up.

She tried to dismiss my concern. Saying that she “Just got carried away. That’s all.” She flexed her hand for a moment before pressing the end set button on the terminal, resetting the targets. She apologized to me, saying she had to go. I want to understand. I want to know what happened. But she hurried away pretty quickly, telling me to just leave the guns on the table and someone would get them. She also mentioned that maybe we could watch a movie together next time. So silver lining, I guess, that she wants to do something together again.

I left the guns on the table, then went back to my room. I haven’t spoken to anyone yet, just went straight into my room and closed the door so I could write in peace. I have a lot to think about. Why does Ms. Nguyen have a Kerub port? Why is she being so secretive about it after showing it? Was she a Lancer? Did she have an unsuccessful augmentation, leaving her unable to pilot anymore? I had no idea she was a pilot! What even happened to her arm? And what was in that injector to stop it? This definitely wasn’t the first time, if she has that thing ready at a moment’s notice. I obviously won’t be telling anyone about this. But I will definitely be asking her about it again. I cannot make her tell me, nor will I try to coerce an answer out of her. Simply ask, and if she doesn’t say, she doesn’t say. But trust goes both ways. There is nothing wrong with people having their secrets. I have mine. But if we are going to be doing more things together and getting closer, I would hope that she can at least be honest with me. Instead of just trying to dismiss a very existent issue as “getting carried away."

On a less…tense note…I am very happy that she agreed to go out today. And despite the abrupt and unsatisfying ending to our date, I do look forward to doing it again, and trying out a movie. Ms. Palmer says that Gatarobi has had a bit of a “creature feature” kick going. Whatever that means. I wonder if I should get her something. I’ll have to ask like…what people enjoy receiving.