
The day after my date with Ms. Nguyen, Ms. Palmer greeted me early in the morning by buzzing my door. She tried to ask how the suit fit for my date, but it was clear her mind was elsewhere. She put an arm around my shoulder and said that she had something cool to show me. We walked to the hangar, where there was a very tall blanketed figure. With the past few days, I had completely forgotten about the process of my new frame. We were met by a person only a little taller than myself, named Shoichiro Blake. She is a representative from SSC. They are accompanying the new mech frame, and I assume they handle all the paperwork with the administration. Shoichiro was very excitable, having expected the application to be rejected due to the exclusivity of Monarchs. But after Ms. Palmer sent a recommendation for me, they approved the construction of Muzzled Angel. 

Shoichiro said it was very interesting to see a Monarch being used as a marksman platform. She isn't wrong. The Monarch is designed to fill a mobile artillery role, firing a completely inordinate amount of missiles. Bold of them to think I can't merge the two styles. Shoichiro directed our attention towards the blanketed figure, where a person was coming down in the maintenance platform elevator. In my opinion, a stunningly beautiful person, with shoulder-length black hair, swept over one eye. Glasses accenting their face quite well, a nose ring, but a bit of a scary looking expression. Shoichiro introduced us to the person, Marissa Faulkner, as my mechanic and the designer of Muzzled Angel's Monarch frame. They spared all pleasantries in meeting, not even waiting for me to introduce myself before they asked if I was the one piloting their baby. Does...this mean we are co-parents? 

They press a button to remove the blanket, revealing my new Muzzled Angel. We take a walkaround, going to the different stops of the maintenance platform to discuss the specifications. Everything is as I requested, even repurposing the anti-material rifle from my Everest frame. I am definitely interested in seeing the artillery capabilities of a Monarch for myself. Misc. Faulkner spoke out to Muzzled Angel, the lights around the frame activating as she responded. The NHP is basic at the moment, but can be iterated on over time. There is a bit of personality at least; she can be a good companion in the field. Angel said it was good to see me again, though that this is more of a new beginning than a reunion. 

I got into the cockpit at Misc. Faulkner's request so we could step through diagnostics and maintenance checklists. They were very intrigued by the request for a sniper-oriented Monarch, and even got a special exception granted by SSC to build an eleventh Monarch before leaving their position as designer. Before we started our checks, they asked to confirm if I went to Makia Academy. I really don't like being asked about it, but I get it. Each lancer program differs slightly, and the protocols in our augments are not the same. Faulkner says they were able to crack it, but that it was difficult to do so. 

Everyone else got their new mech frames as well. An SSC Mounring Cloak for Odette, a IPS-N Blackbeard for Achilles, and a very strange frame for Jackal, which his mechanic said is a HORUS Minotaur. That thing is...freaky.

---

Domenic and Bethany got Lycaon together in our suite to discuss some information they had each found while researching various topics. Searching for the lancer we fought, Anathema, did not have any meaningful results. But there was some looking into Gil's lancer program, the Reconciliation Project. There are some traces of the name connected to some HORUS files in the Crimson Wolves archives. They were looking into "improved integration", but the contract was terminated. Nothing else is shown in the file except a spot for last known coordinates for a server. But the field was blank.

Domenic also told us some things he found looking into Ms. Nguyen. She is keeping psychological profiles on us. Looking into the things we like, dislike, findings on gaining and maintaining our trust. It is a little strange, but I guess I get it. Finding the most effective way to lead us, most likely? But Dom also found some other notes for each of us. For me, he found a file listing a lot of financial and transactional data from a paramilitary corporation. There was also a list of names. He was not able to glean anything from the list other than that they all had connections to me. These records are definitely from the Fearless Striders. No one else it could be. Dom believes Ms. Nguyen is searching for something in here...but what?

---

I met with Ms. Nguyen a few days later. I am still thinking and trying to process that data from the Striders. I am not yet ready to talk to her about it. But I definitely wanted to talk with her about the incident during our date. Definitely not normal for someone's arm to lock up and they double over in pain. Then you realize they have a Kerub port in their neck. Ms. Nguyen welcomed me into her office and offered me some tea, which I accepted. We tried some small talk for a little while, but the questions were burning in my mind, so I came out and asked her directly about what happened. 

She again tried to say that she was fine and got carried away. But after a moment, she decided to be more honest about it. As she previously stated, she was in a Union officer academy for intelligence operations. She had a promising career, and was selected to become a lancer. But something went wrong, and her augments didn't take. She is no longer able to pilot. Exerting herself physically or relying on her augments makes them act up. But even more than that, trying to pilot an LC would kill her. She left Union, and went to manage MC squads with the Wolves until she was granted the rank of handler for when Squad Lycaon was being formed. 

She apologized for running away. She said she didn't want her shortcomings to get in the way of what we are building together. I do not see it as a shortcoming. If she had not exerted herself so hard, I would not have known she had augments at all. But it doesn't matter to me if she is augmented or not. I still really like her, and I want to spend time with her, and I want to be the best lancer I can be for her. She said she had a meeting coming up, and had to wrap up. But she said that she would like to try cooking something with me for our next date. She asked if there were any foods I really like. I have liked pretty much every food I have eaten. But I do have a list of food that I have heard of and haven't had a chance to try. She suggests picking one to try cooking together. Although I kinda want to ask her if there's anything she would like to make. I want to make this next date about her. 

As I was leaving her office, I also asked if we could maybe see a movie if there is time, to which she agreed. I want to get her a gift. Something to let her know that I do not see her faulty augments as a shortcoming of her. To let her know that I respect the hell out of her as a handler, and also be a bit personal to show that I really like her. 

---

Today, we were called by Ms. Nguyen to the sim room. Our mechanics were already in the room, and we were brought up the control area. Squad Ligoni's handler, Elizabeth Sharp, was there. Gil had made some bad choices interacting with her before, calling Ligoni's training into question. So Sharp has challenged Squad Lycaon. We are to create a battlefield in the simulator for Ligoni, then we will fight them in it. I cannot express how bad of an idea this is. We are four brand new lancers. Ligoni has five lancers that have been working together for several years, as well as an Apex-10 member. We are so boned. But Ms. Nguyen seems excited at the opportunity to watch us fight them. 