
Callsign: Ground Zero<br>LC: Ground Zero

---

What little existing records that can be tied to the pilot who became Ground Zero suggest she previously worked as a free agent under the name \[REDACTED]. The attached license has no documented sorties prior to the emergence of Ground Zero, and attempts to further investigate have led to multiple academies, Kerub augmentation programs, mercenary groups, and NHP generation companies. Ground Zero is self-described as a complete marriage between pilot, NHP, and LC. While collectively referring to themselves in plural, such as "we" and "our", Ground Zero most often prefers to be referred to as a singular unit by others. In the scant number of interviews that the Apex Group has compiled, she explains "The unit speaks for herself; you only need to know that we are one." While the whole truth of the matter may never be uncovered, this much is clear: Ground Zero stands uncontested in the history of mechanized cavalry.

Utilizing a highly modular system of drones, Ground Zero switches seamlessly between a number of weapon platforms throughout engagements. Anti-gravity propulsion systems allow her to maneuver very rapidly and in odd patterns, making her very difficult to track. Her frame contains dozens of compartments with various kinetic and energy-based weaponry which are selected to fit the needs of each sortie. All of this is further augmented by one of the most brutally impressive hacking suites ever conceived, powered by NHP computational power and heuristics. The specifics of the frame's systems are otherwise unknown. In the vanishingly small number of engagements where Ground Zero left surviving MC or LC enemies, the pilots most often describe the encounter as alien and incomprehensible. They have difficulty explaining the exact details of how they lost or even how they survived.

What we do know is that Ground Zero's record is completely unmarred.She has completed over five hundred confirmed sorties all perfectly within mission paramters and most often in half the estimated timeframe. Despite her reputation for leaving nothing in her wake, she otherwise follows every aspect of her tasks to the letter.